---
layout: post
title: LightDM and GDM

categories: [general, demo, sample]
tags: [demo, dbyll, dbtek, sample2]
description: How to switch from LightDM to GDM or any other display manager on Antergos or Arch Linux.
---

Hey guys. Sorry that I have not added any content in such a long time, but I have been extremely busy with work and life. Anyways, I switched to Arch Linux not long ago, and decided to use Antergos to make my life easier. The theming was good, as well as the pre-installed applications, but there was something that bugged me all the time about the pre-sets, and it was the use of LightDM as the default display manager. Personally I like GDM better because it goes staight to the point, and also, I was having a problem where LightDM will hang completely, to the point I had to restart my computer every time I locked my computer. So, I decided to switch it completely. Here its how you can switch from LightDM to GDM:

		First, install GDM:
		# pacman -S gdm

		Disable LightDM:
		# systemctl disable lightdm

		Enable GDM:
		# systemctl enable gdm

Restart in order to test that everything went fine, and that's it. If you would like to go back to LightDM, here its how to do it:

		First, disable GDM:
		# systemctl disable gdm


		If you want to uninstall GDM, use the command:
		# pacman -R gdm

		Enable LightDM:
		# systemctl enable lightdm

There, you go, that is pretty much it. I would like to plug the people at Viva Antergos for writing the original source. I was born and raised in a Spanish speaking country so I was able to translate their article, which you can access by clicking the link below:
http://viveantergos.blogspot.com/2014/04/cambiar-lightdm-por-gdm-en-antergos.html

There you go, and just a reminder that you can use this tutorial for any other display manager by switching GDM for another one, such as KDM. I wrote this tutorial in like 10 minutes, so if you find any errors, please let me know, I really appreciate it. Also, if this tutorial helped you, don't forget to share it or just leave a comment below. 

information taken from http://drunkensloth.weebly.com/home/how-to-switch-from-lightdm-to-gdm-or-any-other-display-manager-on-antergos-or-arch-linux god have mercy on my soul